Daly: Tonight, the final week
of blind auditions begins.
Adam starts the night
with nine artists.
Alicia and Gwen
each have eight,
while Blake has seven.
Our coaches will fight
to the finish
to fill their teams with some
of the best voices in America.
♪ Pain ♪
♪ You made me a,
you made me a believer ♪
♪ Believer ♪
Yeah!
Wow.
You got four!
I got you.
I'll take it.
Daly:
There will be no rules...
Is that cheating,
what you did?
Yep.
[Laughter]
...no mercy...
Oh, you like that?
You like that?
Get out of my sight.
I'm gonna claw,
and I'm gonna fight.
He is manipulating you.
Alicia: When Gwen's ready to go
in, she goes...
Were you not singing
right to me, though?
[Laughter]
A little bit?
We can have
so much fun together.
Sounds like you
just want a friend.
[Laughter]
♪ Oh, no, I didn't ♪
♪ Sleepin' on the couch
tonight ♪
[Laughter]
Daly: ...no limits.
Alicia: It's getting
kind of serious now.
Wait till you see
what I do around here.
RJ, we need beautiful
black men like you.
You just said my name.
I did.
Oh, now she's
just flirting.
Here comes
the, uh, Hamburglar down here.
Okay, time out.
Hamburglar
didn't wear this.
[Record scratch]
[Sighs]
Daly: The final week
of blind auditions...
Yee-haw!
...kicks off right now.
All right, teams are filling up.
It's getting real.
Well, I know
that it's somewhere
between me and Gwen...
the strongest team.
Oh, is that
what you think, huh?
I don't know about that.
But I do feel like
every single one of us
has at least one person
that can... that can win.
Clearly, I have
the worst team,
as I always do
every season.
That's why I win most.
Define "most."
I'm staying right here.
I'm not going anywhere.
Daly: As our coaches head
to their chairs,
let's meet
the night's first artist,
who knows how to make the most
out of a tight situation.
Oh, hey, welcome.
Come on in. I'll show you
around my tiny house.
♪♪♪
My name is Kenny P.
I'm 30 years old.
I'm from Cleveland, Ohio,
and now I live
in Nashville, Tennessee.
My wife and I came down
to Nashville
for me being
a full-time musician.
We knew that we would be making
some sacrifices,
and we would need to financially
make it work for us.
And we decided
to build a tiny house.
So over here,
we've got our kitchen.
Up above that,
we've got the bedroom.
Down over here,
we've got the bathroom.
And up above that,
we've got our living room.
That's the tiny house tour.
It took us about eight months
to build it,
and it's about 294 square feet
if you include the 2 lofts.
We've also got two dogs...
Excuse me.
...and it can get
a little tight sometimes,
but we love it.
Bye, dogs.
I come from
a very musical family.
My dad plays the banjo
and sings.
My grandpa plays the button box.
Uh, my grandpa tried to teach me
the accordion when I was a kid.
I didn't practice much, but...
As I got older,
I was in bands... rock bands.
I was in a punk band
for a little while.
I was even in a screamo band.
We were not that good,
but we had a lot of fun
doing it.
♪ Mama told me ♪
Now I'm playing
a lot of country music
six days a week at Tootsies
in Honky Tonk Central.
It's been
an awesome experience,
but I don't think I
could play for tips for
the rest of my life.
I'm ready to take it
to the next level...
Whoo!
Why, thank you so much.
...and "The Voice" is the
perfect opportunity to do so.
I feel a whirlwind of emotions,
but mostly excitement.
When we both moved
to Nashville,
I left a great job in Cleveland
that I loved very much,
as a speech therapist.
But I'm so proud of him,
that he's here.
I think that he deserves it
so much.
He's got
such a great voice.
I want other people
to hear that.
So excited for him.
Kenny P.:
I do love country music,
But I like a lot of blues
and funk and soul music.
For the blind audition,
I'll be singing "Hello It's Me"
by Todd Rundgren.
I'm trying to put
my own little spin
on the dynamics
in the vocals.
I need this to show everybody
what we've been working for.
Oh, boy.
Ah!
Y'all ready?
I'm ready, man.
Y'all ready for this?
♪♪♪
♪ Hello, it's me ♪
♪ I've thought about us
for a long, long time ♪
♪ Maybe I think too much,
but something's wrong ♪
♪ There's something here
that doesn't last too long ♪
♪ Maybe I shouldn't think of you
as mine ♪
♪ It's important to me ♪
♪ That you know you are free ♪
♪ 'Cause I never want to
make you change for me ♪
♪ For me ♪
♪ Think of me ♪
♪ And you ♪
♪ You know that I'd be with you
if I could ♪
♪ I come around
and see you once in a while ♪
All right, man!
Way to go, brother.
♪ Or if I ever need a reason
to smile ♪
♪ And spend the night
if you think I should ♪
♪ Think of me ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Yay!
What's up?
Hey.
What's your name?
My name's Kenny P.
I'm 30 years old.
I'm from Cleveland, Ohio,
and now I live
in Nashville, Tennessee.
Gwen: Uh-oh.
Oh! When Gwen's ready to go in,
she goes...
I got to swipe
the pony back and forth.
I got to swipe it out...
Kenny P.: I love it.
...get all the bad vibes
swung away, ready to go.
Yes.
I want to hear what Blake
has to say about this.
Oh, you do? Oh, you...
Yeah, because
I'm interested.
The way you're able
to attack those notes
with so much power,
like you didn't even need
the microphone.
And then I turn around,
and I see you have
this cool mustache...
[Laughter]
...and that hat.
You could be... You know
those guys that push the
boats in... in Italy,
that they're pushing them
down it.
And all I could think of
with that mustache
and with your voice, man, you
could make a fortune down there.
And my sweater.
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
Hey Blake, Blake.
Here com...
Those are called gondoliers.
Here comes
the, uh, Hamburglar down here.
Let's hear what
he's got to say.
Yeah.
Okay, time out.
Hamburglar didn't wear this
at all.
Like, his outfit and vibe
was so different.
Can I talk to Kenny
for a minute?
Give it up, bro.
You fighting against a girl.
Just let it go.
She will be
mad at you.
See what... You see
what's happening here, Kenny?
I do.
I see what's going on.
It is literally
three against one here.
Nuh-unh.
It is.
I think
you can do it, Blake.
You do?
I think
you can do it.
Take that,
California people.
[Laughter]
I'm curious...
why Nashville?
I was doing pretty good
in Cleveland,
and then felt like
I was peaking.
And I just wanted to try
and, you know, get in
where everybody's at.
So I play a lot more country
than I used to.
Yee-haw!
[Laughter]
So do I.
[Cheers and applause]
It's just so great.
Neither one of you really
has taken the claws out at all.
It's true.
They're very tenderly...
I know.
You're so sweet, aww.
They love each other.
Come on!
All right.
[Laughter]
Do you know how important
Nashville is to me?
And, of course,
I want to see the best things
that can happen for you
happen in... in real life,
not just on this show.
Gwen doesn't care
about you.
[Laughter]
All right,
that was one claw.
That was...
I liked it.
I stuck a claw in you.
That was good.
I don't really know
the Nashville scene,
although I have been to about
2 billion Blake Shelton concerts
in the last year,
which I enjoyed
very, very much.
But there's something theatrical
about you.
You have something to say
with what you're doing
with your facial hair,
with...
with j-just
your whole look.
You know what I mean?
And I understand that.
That's something I've been doing
for a long time,
so I'd love
to work with you.
Thank you.
[Cheers and applause]
Kenny, who do you pick
as your coach?
Yay!
[Cheers and applause]
Come on, Kenny!
[Audience shouting]
I pick Gwen.
What?!
♪ I'm on my way ♪
Oh, he picked Gwen!
♪ Driving at 90 ♪
Gwen: Me and Blake
had it out with Kenny P...
That's awesome.
...but I won!
I won!
Thank you!
He has the kind of voice
that can sing
all the kinds of songs
that I love,
and I just felt like we could
do something great together.
Don't worry.
I got an in with him.
Blake:
You know, it's Gwen Stefani,
and she is tough to beat.
I'm definitely gonna
be keeping my eye on Kenny,
mostly because it's hard
to look away from that mustache.
Hey, wait a minute,
Kenny.
You get one of those.
Gwen gave me this hat,
and it's my new favorite hat.
Hey, can we get a hat for Adam
that's the full, big brim
so he'll look complete
like the Hamburglar?
[Laughter]
Oh, a loss for Blake
is a win for Team Adam.
[Laughter]
Do you feel good
about yourself?
Wow.
You're just mad at me?
I didn't mean to!
You ready for me
to quit letting you win?
It's okay, Blakie.
If I win, you win.
Aww.
No, but who would pick you
over her?
Like, look at her.
All these guys...
like, who don't want
to hug up on Gwen
for two seconds?
[Laughter]
Daly: Coming up...
♪ Take me to the river ♪
♪ And wash me down ♪
Oh, my God!
We need beautiful
black men like you.
Did you just call me
beautiful?
That's so dirty.
No, it's legal!
Is that cheating,
what you did?
Yep.
♪ Sleepin' on the couch
tonight ♪
[Laughter]
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions
at Universal Studios Hollywood.
I brought you guys
presents.
Presents?
Yes, because you know
I'm giving everybody
the hats this season.
Oh, yeah.
I want to get you guys
a little hat, maybe.
Really?
Cool!
So, Blake, this is you.
Oh, look at that!
Alicia: Okay.
What do you think?
Yeah!
Wow.
Now, that's serious.
Yee-haw!
Perfect, right?
I thought you need...
you need to take it up
a notch.
Yee-haw!
Alicia, I got '70s vibe.
Like, you know what I'm saying?
[Laughs]
And then, for you, we got you
this to go with your outfit.
It's like
the Hamberglar guy.
Oh, yeah! Look at that!
Oh, my God. Thank you.
Yeah, like, so you could be
the Hamburglar.
Now it makes the sweater
not look as stupid.
He just needs
that little mask.
[Laughing] That's right.
I forgot about that.
Yeah.
Daly: As our coaches head back
to the stage,
let's check in
with this next artist.
Enid: I've been waiting
for this moment for a long time.
With "The Voice,"
you get the opportunity
to showcase your talent
without having your look
be one of the initial things
that they go off of.
So that's all I need...
just my voice.
I don't know what to do
with my hands.
[Laughs]
I'm like... Duh.
I always want to do the robot.
♪ Duh duh-duh duh ♪
My name is Enid Ortiz,
I am 25 years old,
and I'm from Tampa, Florida.
♪♪♪
Come on back. We'll get
your height and weight.
I am a medical assistant.
I work at
a pediatric gastroenterologist.
I help parents take care
of their sick children,
and it's very fulfilling.
All right,
you're getting tall!
Recently, I've been playing
with a band
called the Ragged Old Souls.
♪ To make the people, oh, oh ♪
We are a reggae/rock/funk
and blues fusion band.
It's a very funky group
of people,
and I'm so grateful
for performing with them.
But I feel like
I'm ready for that opportunity
on a larger scale.
Music in my life
has been an outlet.
On those days
where it was the darkest,
I would turn to music.
I grew up with vitiligo.
Vitiligo is the depigmentation
of your skin.
And so I was made fun of a lot.
They used to call me a cow.
I didn't want to leave my house.
I didn't want to go to school.
I would turn to just being
in my room, writing music.
[Voice breaking]
It's a time in my life where,
going through that,
I never thought anybody
would love me for me.
And finding Joey has been
my light in my dark place.
We've been together now
over three years.
We are engaged,
and he is my rock.
I love you.
If a chair turns,
I'm gonna lose it.
I'm gonna be
a little baby on the sidelines.
Break a leg, babe.
[Chuckles]
I'll break them both.
[Both laugh]
Oh, my God.
♪♪♪
♪ Ooooo ♪
♪ I will leave ♪
♪ My heart at the door ♪
♪ I won't say a word ♪
♪ They've all said before,
you know ♪
♪ Why don't we ♪
♪ Just play pretend ♪
♪ Like we're not scared
of what is coming next ♪
♪ Or scared
of having nothing left? ♪
♪ Look, don't get me wrong ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ There is no tomorrow ♪
♪ All I ask is ♪
♪ If this is my last night
with you ♪
Come on.
Please, please, please.
♪ Hold me like I'm more than
just a friend ♪
♪ Give me a memory I can use ♪
♪ Take me by the hand
while we do ♪
♪ What lovers do ♪
♪ It matters how this ends ♪
♪ 'Cause what if I never love ♪
♪ Again ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Oh, my God!
Oh, you're a jerk!
Why are you doing that?
That is so dirty.
Hold on, hold on.
Blake: Yeah!
Now, that was
a foul ball.
I'm literally... I'm...
Yeah.
No, it's legal!
That was... That was
the dirtiest thing
I have ever seen.
No, no, no.
Because, listen,
I was saying,
"She deserves to be on.
What are we doing?"
And then it was over,
and then Blake pushed.
You're dang right.
Thank you.
[Cheers and applause]
[Laughs]
No, no.
Alicia: Oh, wow.
Wow.
No!
That was dirty,
how I played,
but I got you.
It's fine.
I'll take it.
Thank you, Blake.
[Cheers and applause]
What's your name?
My name is Enid.
Hey, everybody.
This is Enid,
my newest team member.
[Cheers and applause]
Is that cheating,
what you did, kind of?
Yep.
Adam:
No, you know what?
That was so gnarly.
What happens back here
is we're all going,
"Is that as good
as we think it is?"
And I'm going...
[Gwen laughs]
..."No, that's no good."
And then she looked over
to say something to Adam,
and I...
Wow, honestly.
That was cool.
I'm not sure
about you, Blake.
That was actually cool.
♪ Sleepin' on the couch
tonight ♪
[Laughter]
Hey, Enid.
Tell us something
about yourself.
Come on.
Yeah.
All my life,
I've loved music,
but I never really
had the courage
just 'cause I grew up
with vitiligo,
which is a skin condition.
Okay.
So I always felt worthless
and, like, no one wanted
to see a two-toned girl sing.
Wow.
So this opportunity
just means the world to me.
Thank you.
Yay!
And, Alicia,
I just wanted to let you know,
like, you're like
my spirit animal.
I love you.
I want you to know
that in this world,
we are taught
not to love ourselves.
We're taught that
if we're different
that there's something
wrong with us.
And I think this is
an incredible moment
to just do
a big "screw you"
to anybody who told you
you weren't amazing.
Adam: Yeah!
Thank you.
Blake: And you know what?
Here we go.
A toast to
the big "screw you."
That's right.
Starting with
these three coaches
that didn't turn around
for you.
Yee-haw!
Yeah!
Alicia:
I loved Enid so much.
And she really did have
a beautiful voice.
Right now, I'm looking
for something really specific.
So I know what I'm looking for,
which is why I didn't push
in the end.
But she was
a really strong singer.
Thank you, Blake.
Blake: I can't believe nobody
else turned around for Enid.
The range that she has
and the power that she carries
throughout her range...
I mean, I know
I did some trickery there,
but they had the whole song
to hit their button.
I literally watched Gwen
until she looked over that way.
Then I went, "Boop!"
Why would you do that?
'Cause it's the only way
I can get anybody!
[Laughing]
Oh, my God!
Daly: Put yourself
in our coaches' chairs.
Get "The Voice" official app.
Play along now
and build your own "Voice" team.
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back.
We caught up
with our next artist in Chicago.
My name is RJ Collins.
I'm 18 years old.
After graduating high school,
I got a job at Guitar Center,
and it's been the perfect job
for me because, on my break,
I have the piano room,
I have the drum room.
I get to go around
and try every instrument.
It's an amazing experience,
and I'm grateful for it.
I grew up in a family
of self-taught musicians.
My mother sang.
All her family members sang.
And, um,
it was just in my blood.
As a kid,
I was very nervous, you know?
I didn't really want to sing
around people.
But I had a brother
who was 10 years older than me.
His name was Randy.
He would just say,
"Man, you sing so good.
Just... just sing.
Just do it."
That was his motto...
"You don't know until you try."
My brother was killed by police
in 2009.
We just got a call saying
that my brother was shot.
So that was really tough.
Like, I didn't feel like
I had anyone to turn to.
I've never thought that Randy
would die on me, and...
I thought we would have forever.
After my brother passed away,
that really gave me
the motivation
of, like, getting music started.
You know, he always instilled
in me how to be true to myself.
He always told me, "Be tough,"
and "Don't always give up
so easily."
That's what I took most
from him.
It gave my purpose to pursue
everything that I could
because life is short.
So, about 15 years old,
I performed at a local venue
and the reaction was amazing.
Like, girls were screaming
so loud
I thought the lights would burst
or something.
I've been doing gigs
here and there,
anywhere I could get.
But "The Voice" gives me
the perfect platform
for the world to see
what I have to offer.
I want to enlighten
the entire world with my music.
Yeah.
Especially
being from Chicago.
That's right.
Chicago could use
a little shine right now, too.
Oh, exactly.
You know what I mean?
Son of Chicago come
and doing well
on a show like this.
Exactly.
I believe that
I can be a role model.
If I were to get a chair
to turn today,
it would be a positive light
coming out of my city.
I am so proud of RJ,
just to make it this far.
[Voice breaking] It makes me
so emotional because...
I just know
how hard he works,
and I always knew
he was good enough.
RJ: For my blind audition,
I will be singing "Purpose"
by Justin Bieber.
This song means a lot to me.
It's about
when things get tough,
life still goes on, you know?
If I were to get a chair
to turn today,
I think it will be
a sigh of relief for my parents.
It would make them feel
really good,
like they've done something
right in raising me.
When I walk through those doors,
I'm gonna show the coaches
everything
I've been working for.
And, most importantly,
I want to make my brother proud.
I'm ready for some magic.
You're ready
for some magic?
Yeah, I need...
need magic.
♪♪♪
♪ Feeling like I'm breathing
my last breath ♪
Yes!
♪ Feeling like I'm walking
my last steps ♪
Right there, man.
Five seconds in.
Yeah!
Five seconds in, baby!
♪ Look at all of these tears
I've wept ♪
♪ Look at all the promises
that I've kept ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And I put my heart
into your hands ♪
♪ Here's my soul to keep ♪
♪ And I let you in
with all that I can ♪
♪ You're not hard to reach ♪
♪ And you've given me
the best gift ♪
♪ That I've ever known ♪
♪ You give me purpose ♪
♪ In every way ♪
♪ You've given me purpose ♪
♪ Ooooohhhh ♪
♪ You are my everything ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Everything ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Wow.
What voice is that?
That's the winning voice
right there.
Oh!
What is your name,
and who are you?
I'm RJ Collins,
I'm 18 years old,
and I'm from
Chicago, Illinois.
Some voices
just are so special
and you know can take
the entire world by storm.
I think that you can win
"The Voice"...
Wow.
...and you would make my season
if I had you on my team.
You really would.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hi, RJ.
I love you.
Oh, wow. God, you just made
my life right now.
Thank you.
My favorite thing
on this show
is to turn around
and see someone as grateful
as you are right now.
Like, I love your spirit,
your attitude...
Thank you. Thank you.
...and both of these human
beings are incredible,
so congratulations.
Thank you.
RJ, right before you came out,
I said...
You just said my name!
I did.
Oh.
[Laughter]
Whoo!
No, seriously.
I said, um,
"I'm ready for magic."
I've been waiting
because I've been wanting
to feel something.
Yeah.
And your soul comes through
this music, like,
in a way that's
really, really evident.
I want to push you, too,
and just find more greatness
inside of you
because there's obviously
no limit to you.
Exactly.
And if you'd like me to say
your name a few more times,
then you just come
join my team.
Okay. All right, all right.
All right.
[Laughs]
Oh, my God.
Hey, can I just say,
I was sitting here
trying to put myself
in... in your position
and thinking
how cool it must be
to have Adam
turn around for you.
Oh, my God.
And also, what an honor
and a privilege it must be...
[Laughter]
...to have Alicia Keys
turn around for you.
You know what I mean?
It's like...
That's like a gift.
That's like, "Wow."
Thank you, Blake.
Thank you, man.
Thank you.
Thank you, Blake.
That was awesome.
Thank you. Thank you.
That was cool.
As far as I'm concerned,
you're gonna be on my team.
I'm gonna make sure
that you know
how hard I fight
as a coach...
Wow.
...so I'm fighting now,
and this is
a little glimpse
of what I'm gonna do for you
if I'm your coach.
And you got to
have somebody
that's gonna be
completely unwavering.
I like what you're saying, Adam.
I-I feel you.
But there is nobody
on my team like you.
We need beautiful
black men like you.
Tha... You just call me
beautiful?
Like, shining.
Ah!
Oh, now she's just
flirting.
I'm... I'm not.
I'm not.
I mean it. I mean it.
Now she's just flirting.
Sorry, Adam.
I mean it.
[Laughter]
Listen, I-I can't tell you
the things that she tells you.
But I can be the best coach
for you.
I-I... If I didn't feel
that way,
I wouldn't be carrying on
like this.
Thank you.
Before you don't choose me,
choose me.
[Laughter]
Blake: Okay, RJ.
It's time to pick
a coach, buddy.
Um...
[Audience shouting]
Adam, man,
I love you, man.
I-I promise, I love you, man.
I pick Alicia.
[Cheers and applause]
Adam, you tortured him
the whole time!
Good!
Come on, RJ!
[Laughs]
Alicia: There was a real honesty
that came through his voice,
and the tone
was super beautiful.
So with RJ, I'm excited.
Like, he's like a killer
on my team.
Go give him
some love, man.
Hey, man.
RJ: I'm sorry, man.
Hey, it's all good.
Adam: It's really hard
to compete with Alicia Keys
'cause she's amazing.
And, you know,
he's obviously in great hands,
but I really thought we could've
worked well together.
He's so good!
RJ: I would have never thought
in a million years
I would be meeting Alicia Keys,
and she would be coaching me.
I don't even think it's real!
I-I don't!
[Laughs]
You're really good
at this.
Alicia: Me?
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
It's stupid.
It's crazy.
We hate you.
[Laughs]
Daly: Coming up...
Good thing I didn't
turn around, Blake.
...Alicia continues
to work her magic.
Those same eyes that are
charming and hypnotic
will also burning a hole
right through
the side of your skull.
And later...
You are the
most well-rounded singer
for this particular panel of
coaches that I have ever heard.
Blake: I've got seasons-worth
of artists...
Yes.
...that you can turn on the
radio and listen to right now.
Yes.
We all know.
Oh, my God!
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back.
So far tonight,
Gwen, Blake, and Alicia
have each added one artist
to their teams,
while Adam is struggling
to find his first.
There will be
some more opportunities.
Pbht.
I'm sure
you'll get somebody.
[British accent] ♪ And we'll
ask where are you from ♪
♪ I hope it's not
from Texas ♪
Daly: Let's see if Adam
can get in the game
with this next singer.
If I look dumb, please be sure
to tell me 'cause, like...
Woman: No, you're fine.
Man: Mark.
I started in music
when I was three.
My mom is actually
a piano teacher,
so I didn't really have
much of a choice.
I hated it,
to be honest with you.
I tried to play football,
realized that I wasn't gonna
get big enough to play football.
So I was like, "Music...
that sounds like
a better approach."
My name is Austin Tyler Jones.
I'm 27.
I'm from Columbia, Tennessee.
My day job... I actually work
managing these two coffee shops.
Normal day for me...
up at 4:30 a.m... boom...
serving the fine people
of Columbia their morning Joe.
And then after work,
doing the family life.
So if you're summing me up,
I would say family man,
coffee drinker, song singer.
That's pretty much
the total package.
My wife and I actually met
when we were in 8th grade.
Did not talk to each other,
and then fast-forward
to high school.
Subtle, shy, flirtatious
advances were made.
Dated my senior year
in high school,
and then locked it down,
you know?
I was playing every week
at church and open-mic nights.
♪ We got you,
I think that works out ♪
I have this dream
of doing music.
However, with having two
small kids and a wife at home,
there's this kind of
balancing act.
We were told
you were babysitting.
[Laughter]
I'm down.
All right, right on!
Heather: He works really hard,
provides for all of us.
So we're excited to watch him do
this and go after his dream.
Austin:
Dreams are worth pursuing.
This is my shot.
This is everything.
Daly: There's Daddy.
Look. Look out there.
Daddy.
♪♪♪
♪ Oh, it's so funny
to be seeing you ♪
♪ After so long, girl ♪
♪ And with the way you look,
I understand ♪
♪ You are not impressed ♪
♪ But I heard you let
that little friend of mine ♪
♪ Take off your party dress ♪
♪ Well, sometimes I wish that
I could stop you from talking ♪
♪ When I hear the silly things
you say ♪
♪ But I think somebody better
turn off the big light ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't stand
to see you this way ♪
♪ Alison ♪
♪ I know this world
is killing you ♪
♪ Oooh, Alison ♪
♪ My aim is true ♪
♪ Yeah, my aim is true ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Yay.
Good job.
What's up, you guys?
Hi.
What's your name?
I'm Austin Tyler Jones.
I'm 27,
from Columbia, Tennessee.
Nice.
Thank you.
State mammal's a raccoon.
I didn't know that one.
Yeah, thank you.
Gwen: Wow.
Do you study a map
before you come on here?
Your Tennessee trivia
is on point. Well done.
You know what I mean?
How do you know
this stuff?
I do think
you're a-a really great singer.
I feel like that performance
was extra laid-back for me,
and I-I'm looking for people
that come out here
with a sense of urgency
and some desperation
in their performances.
And it's probably
just not stylistically
what you even do,
you know?
I'm a little chill.
Yeah, yeah.
I appreciate
what you're saying.
There's nothing
wrong with that, man.
It's just probably
a matter of timing for me, so...
Sure thing, yeah.
It's so nice to hear
an Elvis Costello song.
It does immediately
show something about your taste
and how good it is.
Shucks, thank you.
I think it was good,
but all that aside,
like, I think that,
at this point,
our teams
are starting to fill up.
And so I think, for me,
I was just being super picky.
But I like what you did,
and I love that song,
so thank you.
Thanks, man.
[Applause]
Thank you.
[Cheers and applause]
It was awesome, man.
Adam:
Austin was a little subdued.
And it's a great song,
but I only have three spots.
I'm being very picky.
Go, Daddy!
The Tennessee trivia...
good job.
I mean,
only you know that.
You need to study
a little geography.
I wrote a new song.
You know what
it's called?
What?
It's untitled.
[Laughs]
♪ Nothing you say
ever affects me ♪
[Laughter]
♪ You know too much
about geography ♪
[Laughter]
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Will you sing the end
of that song?
What song?
"Nothing you say
will ever..."
Oh, yeah.
Huh.
"Nothing you say ever..."
♪ I don't even hear it ♪
♪ The words comin'
outta your mouth ♪
[Laughter]
♪ Sit down in your chair ♪
My name is TSoul,
I'm 29 years old,
and I'm from Richmond, Virginia.
My real name is Terry.
Soul is just what I've heard
all my life.
Everybody always told me,
"You got a soulful voice.
It's so soulful."
♪ Take note ♪
And so I put "T" and "soul"
together.
My vocal side didn't
really happen until high school.
I sang for my choir.
Then I graduated high school,
and I went
to Virginia State University.
I sang with the gospel choir.
We traveled
all over the world...
Italy, Germany, France, Hungary,
and I even sang in Japan.
What do you do for music
right now?
Well, I've been performing
for over six years now
full time as an artist.
I've established a large,
worldwide fan base, too,
like viral videos
on YouTube.
Okay.
I've been fortunate enough
to play
at the Apollo Theater
in Harlem,
the Blue Note in Germany,
even the historic
Howard Theatre in D.C.
No kidding.
It's made T-Soldiers
all over the world.
T-Soldiers...
is that where we got it?
They call themselves...
Yeah, they call themselves
T-Soldiers.
I like it.
And I'll be pulling for you.
All right,
I really appreciate it.
You got a T-Soldier
right here, my man,
trust me, all right?
Thank you. Thank you.
I got to make sure
I get you a shirt.
Yeah.
You see TSoul?
That's what I'm talking about.
Self-sufficient...
You're an entrepreneur.
Oh, I got to be.
Yeah.
The majority of my income
comes in from shows,
but there's no insurance
that comes
with being
an independent artist.
I've seen what it's like
to sleep in a car
and sleep on couches.
I've been at rock bottom
just to follow the dream.
He's put in the work.
He's put in the effort.
And his voice is...
is unique,
and I think a chair's
gonna turn today.
TSoul: The first song I learned
how to play on the piano
was "Fallen" by Alicia Keys.
To even be able to think
that she could be
a coach of mine...
it's kind of mind-blowing.
I feel like "The Voice"
could change my life,
and hopefully
that will allow me to be TSoul
for the rest of my life.
All right.
[Exhales sharply]
Let's go, bro.
Let's go TSoul.
♪♪♪
♪ Hold me ♪
♪ Love me ♪
♪ Please me ♪
♪ Tease me ♪
[Cheers and applause]
♪ Until I can't take no more ♪
Yeah!
♪ I don't know why ♪
♪ I love you like I do ♪
♪ After all the changes ♪
♪ That you put me through ♪
♪ Stole my money ♪
♪ My cigarettes ♪
♪ And I ain't seen
the worst of it yet ♪
♪ I gotta know ♪
♪ Can somebody tell me ♪
♪ Am I hear to stay? ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Take me to the river ♪
♪ And wash me down ♪
♪ Just cleanse my soul ♪
♪ Place my feet
on the ground, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, di-di-di-dip me
in the water ♪
♪ I gotta know, yeah ♪
♪ Said, can you wash me
in the water ♪
♪ I gotta know, yeah ♪
♪ Oooooh ♪
♪ Da, da, da, da, da, da ♪
♪ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo ♪
♪ Doo, oooooooooh ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He's so cool-looking.
Yeah!
What is your name?
TSoul.
I'm 29 years old,
and I'm from
Richmond, Virginia.
Whoo!
Yeah.
TSoul!
TSoul.
Listen, listen, listen, listen,
listen, listen.
[Laughter]
First of all... Whoo...
we'll talk about your voice
in a second,
but I want to talk about this.
We have now turned around,
Blake and I,
yet the only chair
that he's looking at
is Alicia's chair.
[Laughter]
You know, man,
'cause you'd be like...
♪ "Da na na na na" ♪
[Laughter]
It was so great
'cause I'm like,
"If she turns,
it's over."
[Laughter]
"But if she doesn't,
he's mine."
No, no, no, no, no.
Yo, you are
a special man.
Thank you.
Because the way you do it
is extremely unique to you,
and that's the kind of person
that can win this thing.
Man, I am so excited to
definitely have you on my team.
Why do you keep saying...
Why would you say that?
TSoul, come home!
Come home!
Thank you. Thank you.
Come on!
Hi, TSoul.
How you doing, Blake?
Man, I love
your speaking voice, even.
Man, it's manly.
Thank you.
Take it easy, Blake.
Let me tell you something...
Did you say you're 29?
29 years old.
But your voice is like
a 50-year-old voice, man.
It's got all the herbs
and spices and...
[Laughter]
You're one of a kind, man.
Thank you for bringing that
here for us, man...
Thank you for having me.
...'cause it's so good,
dude.
So good.
You know, I-I have to say
that there is a synergy
that could happen
between you and Adam
because I feel like Adam
has a really strong sense
of a variety of music.
That would really complement
what you have to do.
I think that he would
really get behind you fully.
That's a smart woman.
[Laughter]
I think that Blake's
an awesome coach.
Yeah.
Please, don't doubt...
Stay with me, dude.
Stay with me.
...the fact
that I would be
a great coach
for you, dude.
Who would you pick
as your coach?
Come on, TSoul!
[Audience shouting]
TSoul!
Let's do it!
Adam!
I pick...
Come on!
Please.
...Blake.
Yes!
[Cheers and applause]
What?
Yes!
Hey, you guys!
I got TSoul!
Yes!
Blake: I couldn't be happier
that TSoul chose me
as his coach,
and I couldn't be happier
that Adam lost.
♪ That I really didn't mean ♪
You've got to be
kidding me.
I like to work with artists
from all different genres,
and soul has been
one of my specialties.
What happened, man?
I got love
for you, man.
You broke my heart.
Whoo!
So crazy.
♪ Ooh, baby, here I am ♪
♪ Signed, sealed, delivered,
I'm yours ♪
What he did there
was amazing.
Adam: What?
Get out of my sight.
I was so shocked.
I just knew Adam had it.
It's a good thing
I didn't turn around, Blake.
[Laughter]
Do you think you got him
'cause you talked last, Blake?
Yes, I know he did.
I got it
'cause Adam talked a lot,
but he didn't
say anything.
"Oh, yeah, oooh."
That poor guy.
Man, Blake's like,
[Imitates Blake] "So, I heard
you're into singin' the R&B."
[Laughter]
He's like, "My favorite R&B
is 'Ghostbusters II.'
You know, I've heard
that soundtrack.
They got
that Bobby Brown song."
[Laughter]
[Laughing] Oh, my God!
Daly: As the night went on...
♪ Baby, even though
you don't need me ♪
Daly: ...Blake also added
former Carrie Underwood
backup singer Andrea Thomas.
Yay!
Wow, what a beautiful,
angelic voice you have.
Thank you.
Blake: Andrea is somebody
that the other coaches
are gonna learn the hard way
that is somebody
they need to watch out for.
Davina:
♪ Hit the dance floor ♪
♪ I got all I need ♪
Daly:
And Gwen added YouTube success
Davina Leone to her team.
Oh, my God.
Gwen: You are so good,
and you have so much personality
in your voice
that I was like,
"What am I waiting for?"
[Cheers and applause]
Come on. I got to get someone
on my team.
My problem is
I press my button almost never,
and when I do,
I never get those people.
[Laughs]
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back.
Here's why I'm better than y'all
as a coach...
because I get country artists
and I get people like TSoul.
Are you 7?
So?
And you know how
I get guys like that?
Stuff like this.
Mm-hmm.
[Laughter]
His face is
the worst part.
Daly:
Let's see if the next artist has
what it takes to make a team.
Frances:
So, today's the day.
My gosh.
I can't believe this.
We're...
We're at "The Voice," guys.
Hanna:
My family loves "The Voice,"
and they have always been
very supportive of my music.
I'm really proud
of you.
Don't be nervous.
You're gonna do great.
It was my dad who surprised me
and signed me up
for the audition.
And I was ecstatic
and super surprised.
At first she was like,
"Dad, seriously?"
And I'm like,
"No, let's just go."
We waited in line, and she went
in there, nailed her audition,
and it was the most awesome
experience in the world.
My name is Hanna Eyre.
I'm 15 years old, and I'm from
Laguna Niguel, California.
♪♪♪
We're gonna try to go down
right there, okay?
Okay.
I love spending time
with my family.
I'm the oldest of four...
Come on, guys.
...and my siblings always
keep me on my toes.
I try my hardest to always
be a good role model for them.
Always trying hard in school
and music and everything.
[Piano playing]
When I was 5 years old,
my mom asked me
if I wanted to learn piano
and I was like,
"Yes, let's do this!"
She was my first teacher.
Frances:
Hanna is an amazing pianist.
She is way far and above
the skill level of me,
so it actually is amazing
to see how she's progressed.
Hanna: About three years ago,
one of our neighbors asked
if I could teach
their son piano.
And since then, it's grown.
I have about 12 or 13 students
now.
Close. Keep your thumb
on middle-C there.
But my real passion
is singing and songwriting,
so I'm super excited
for my blind audition.
But then, at the same time,
I'm also nervous.
[Chuckles]
I'm only 15 years old.
I'm still a high-school student.
And I think a coach could really
help develop me as an artist.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime
experience.
It's the biggest thing
I've done.
There she is.
Come on. Let's go.
If one of the chairs
turns around,
I'm gonna be trying
not to scream.
[All whispering indistinctly]
♪♪♪
♪ Nice to meet you,
where you been? ♪
♪ I could show you
incredible things ♪
♪ Magic, madness, heaven, sin ♪
♪ Saw you there
and I thought ♪
♪ "Oh, my gosh,
look at that face ♪
♪ You look like
my next mistake ♪
♪ Love's a game, wanna play?" ♪
♪ New money, suit, and tie,
I can read you like a magazine ♪
♪ Ain't it funny, rumors fly ♪
♪ And I know you heard about me,
so hey, let's be friends ♪
♪ I'm dying to see
how this one ends ♪
Congratulations!
♪ Grab your passport
and my hand ♪
♪ So it's gonna be forever ♪
♪ Or it's gonna go
down in flames ♪
♪ You can tell me
when it's over ♪
♪ If the high
was worth the pain ♪
♪ Got a long list of ex-lovers ♪
♪ They'll tell you I'm insane ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
I love the players ♪
♪ And you love the game ♪
[Cheers and applause]
♪ They'll take this
way too far ♪
♪ It'll leave you breathless ♪
♪ Or with a nasty scar ♪
♪ Got a long list of ex-lovers ♪
♪ They'll tell you I'm insane ♪
♪ But I got a blank space,
baby ♪
Oh!
♪ And I'll write your name ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Oh, wow.
You did it!
What is your name?
Hanna Eyre,
I'm 15 years old,
Wow! Wow!
...and I'm from Laguna Niguel,
California.
15!
Hanna, sweet Hanna...
[Laughter]
...you are so cute.
The second I turned around,
you started smiling
and you kind of, maybe, a little
bit, forgot about the fact
that you're still singing.
[Laughter]
But then, you really
got it back together.
And by the end, I thought
you were doing the best stuff
you were doing
the entire performance.
Which is important,
because anyone who makes it
on this show has to have
the ability
to overcome
those types of scenarios.
So, I'm gonna claw,
and I'm gonna fight.
Because the fact that you're
15... and I'm gonna bring up
someone that Blake worked with,
which you remind me of...
Danielle Bradbury.
And she won "The Voice,"
and he's gonna talk
about that, trust me.
Don't need to now.
[Laughter]
You are
miraculously talented.
I am utterly blown away by
what you do, and let's do this.
Be on my team.
Thank you so much.
[Applause]
Hi, Hanna.
Hi.
I want to find a girl that is
sparkly and talented and young,
and it was, like, my dream
when I turned around
and I saw you
and heard you.
So, you're exactly
what I was looking for today.
I have been in my band
since I was 17 years old
and here I am, still,
all this time later.
I clearly know
what you want to do.
And I can share everything
I've done with you
and we can have
so much fun together.
Sounds like you just want
a friend to hang out with.
[Laughter]
[Applause]
He's really cute,
and he's really cute,
but they're both taken.
She's the cutest.
You should just go with me!
[Applause]
What a beautiful job.
You have such a beautiful voice.
I loved listening to you.
Thank you.
Absolutely.
[Cheers and applause]
Hi, Hanna.
Hi.
Where did you say
you were from again?
Laguna Niguel,
California.
Oh, yeah.
California girl.
I'm from Anaheim.
What's up, homey?
[Laughter]
What?
Nerd.
I know.
Well, you know what?
You just have an approach
that's not like anybody else
that I've ever heard.
When you started singing, it
almost sounded like a lullaby.
But you still had all this range
and all this power,
and I just realized that maybe
that's only the tip
of the iceberg with you
and what you're capable of.
You have talent,
and you have this charisma.
Every time you smile,
the whole room lights up.
Gwen: Okay, you want to know
what he's doing right now?
You see it?
Look at that.
He's doing the man thing.
He's telling you
how great you are.
What are you...
He is manipulating you.
Time out.
No, no, no, no, no.
Hold on, hold on.
Here's the deal.
We got to cut this out
with the boys-and-girls stuff.
It doesn't matter.
It does matter.
It, like, really doesn't.
I swear.
It really... It really...
Ask me and Alicia.
It matters.
Listen, doesn't matter
whether we're a boy coach
or whether
we're a girl coach.
We're coaches,
and that is our common ground.
It's a matter
of preference.
Let's not try to do
this boy-girl thing.
Anyway, continue.
[Laughter]
So, anyway, you have
this smile that...
[Laughter]
...it literally...
Listen to people.
They giggle
when you smile.
You didn't even have
to say anything.
Stand there
and do that
and I'm buying your record
right now.
You're the kind of artist
that gets me excited
about my job
on this show.
Don't even listen to
anything else they have to say,
because it's bullcrap.
All right, Hanna,
who do you pick as your coach?
Come on, Hanna.
Come on.
Oh, my gosh.
[Audience shouting]
Hanna!
Hey!
Adam!
I pick...
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back.
♪ And you love the game ♪
Daly:
Before the break, Hanna Eyre
got Adam, Blake, and Gwen
to push their buttons.
She now has the difficult
decision of picking her coach.
Hanna!
I pick...
[Audience shouting]
Adam!
...Adam.
Yay!
♪ Your sugar ♪
♪ Yes, please ♪
[Cheers and applause]
♪ Won't you come
and put it down on me? ♪
Wow!
Yay, this is so awesome.
For someone who's 15 years old
to be that good... she's gifted.
Have fun.
And so it's time
to hone her craft.
Let's go meet
your family.
It's so shocking
to me.
I don't think you fight
hard enough.
Really? No.
No, I just wanted to see
the look on her face.
I'm like, "Wait."
I really wanted her
on my team.
I really was looking for
that young girl.
But today so far has been
a little bit slow for Adam,
so I'm happy for him.
All the way. The brothers
were all about Adam.
Thank you!
Awesome.
Thank you.
Congrats.
You're so great.
Daly: As Adam celebrates
his first win of the night,
let's see if our next artist,
26-year-old Casey Jamerson,
can turn a chair.
Casey: Music has just been
something that I've done
since I could speak.
But growing up,
sports were also a massive...
even maybe so...
a bigger part of my life.
I was doing cheerleading
and gymnastics.
Around 4 or 5
is when I started T-ball
and later on went
to fast-pitch softball.
My husband
was a baseball player.
I was gymnastics and
cheerleading through college,
so we're very athletic.
Very athletic.
Very...
Competitive family.
After high school,
I was given a full ride
to play softball
at Indiana University.
But after one semester,
I knew that
it just wasn't the path
that I was meant to go down.
It was a very,
very tough decision,
but music was my passion.
So, I took off and that's how
I came to be this.
[Chuckles]
I went to any showcase
that I could get into
for two solid years.
All of a sudden, I got
this incredible opportunity
to be an original member
of a Broadway show,
"Bring it On: The Musical."
They needed somebody
that was a singer,
a gymnast, and a cheerleader.
And I just happened to fit
that role.
The experience of being
on Broadway was incredible.
But I've always kind of been
this, like, rock-'n'-roll girl.
So, after Broadway,
I decided it's time to focus
on being a rock singer.
"The Voice" is so special
because you're being judged
on nothing but your voice.
Gwen Stefani has meant
a lot to me
not only in my musical career,
but also in my fashion sense.
So, to be able to sing in front
of her today is beyond an honor.
I am gonna rock the stage.
♪♪♪
♪ We're running
with the shadows of the night ♪
♪ So, baby, take my hand,
we'll be all right ♪
♪ Surrender all your dreams
to me tonight ♪
♪ They'll come true in the end ♪
Come on!
♪ You say, "Oh, girl,
it's a cold world ♪
♪ When you keep it
all to yourself" ♪
♪ I said, "You can't hide
on the inside ♪
♪ All the pain
you've ever felt" ♪
♪ Ransom my heart,
but, baby, don't look back ♪
♪ 'Cause we got nobody else ♪
Come on!
♪ We're running
with the shadows of the night ♪
♪ So, baby, take my hand,
we'll be all right ♪
♪ Surrender all your dreams
to me tonight ♪
♪ They'll come true in the end ♪
♪ True in the end ♪
Come on!
[Cheers and applause]
Nobody?
What happened?
It doesn't make sense!
Wow!
Oh, my gosh!
Oh, man.
What is your name?
I'm Casey, I'm 26, and
I'm from Pendleton, Indiana.
Oh.
Wow.
Remember the Maxell tape
commercial, where the dude...
Oh, yes!
...and it was like
a speaker,
and, like, he literally
got blown away?
I-I had a hole
in my chest.
I was like, "Wow!"
You have an amazing power
to your voice.
What I really loved, too,
was just you could tell
that you were, like,
owning the room.
You had a real presence
about you, and I think that...
I wish I could've seen it.
I'm sorry I didn't turn.
I regret it.
I wanted you to turn around
so bad.
I'm so sorry!
Ew, God, I hate that!
You screwed the pooch.
If I could say that I would,
but I would never use that term.
Everything sounds grosser
when you say it, Blake.
[Laughter]
"You screwed the pooch."
I would just recommend
as an arranger...
because I see
you're an artist...
make sure there's a part
that breaks down a little bit
so that people can really
understand
the masterfulness
and the variety of your voice.
You should come back.
Hell, yeah.
Thank you.
[Cheers and applause]
I was that close.
And the performance was on
10 1/2 the whole time.
Nice to meet you.
You're my idol.
Thank you so much
for listening to me.
But I felt like I understood her
more when I turned around.
That's how it goes, right?
That's why this is
the blind auditions.
I have two spots left.
I'm just looking for something
that's really gonna amaze me.
Do you feel bad
for not turning around?
I thought she was gonna be,
just, something so different.
She's a really
good singer.
But I think I could've done
something with that, actually.
You know what I mean?
Daly: Coming up...
Were you not singing
right to me, though?
Oh, my God!
I cannot let her end
on the last word.
You guys are the nicest
people to each other
when you're arguing.
It makes me sick!
[Laughter]
I wish people would fight
with me like that.
Blake, you're so amazing
and beautiful and talented.
Still hate you.
You're stupid.
[Laughter]
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Turn!
Hey!
[Cheers and applause]
Crowd:
We love you, Gwen!
Me? Oh, wow!
What's going on?
So good to see you.
Daly:
As our coaches get ready,
let's check in
with 20-year-old Hunter Plake
from Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
I've been watching "The Voice"
ever since it came out.
I just decided, you know,
I sent a video in
to see what would happen.
Hey, my name's Hunter,
and I'm so excited
to be trying out
for "The Voice."
I ended up making it and for me
to be here is amazing,
especially after what I've been
through this last year.
On June 10th, I married my wife,
Bethany, which was amazing.
And then we moved
into our house,
but just two months later,
the floods
in Baton Rouge happened.
Reporter: The Coast Guard
plucking panicked
residents from rooftops.
Dramatic scenes in the air
and on the water.
Hunter:
It took us totally by surprise.
We woke up one morning
to this lady banging on our door
trying to save her dog, so we
hurried up and tried to help her
and get her dog on land
as quick as possible.
We were forced to evacuate.
It hasn't flooded
that bad in 500 years.
Did you lose everything?
We lost our home
and our car.
Wow.
Bethany:
Thinking back on the first
two months of our marriage,
it was so amazing to just
have a husband
and have
our own house.
And I'm just really sad
that... that is gone.
After the flooding, me and my
wife moved in with my parents,
and we've been there ever since,
trying to figure out
what our next step is.
This opportunity is amazing.
The thing that I'm most nervous
about is, this is the first time
I've ever sang on a stage
that's not inside of a church.
So, to sing for four of the
largest artists in the world
is really intimidating.
I know the teams are filling up,
so I just need to focus
on my performance.
♪♪♪
♪ If you're lost and alone
or you're sinking like a stone ♪
♪ Carry on ♪
♪ May your past be the sound
of your feet upon the ground ♪
♪ Carry on ♪
♪ Carry on, carry on ♪
♪ So I met up ♪
Wow!
♪ With some friends
at the edge of the night ♪
♪ At a place on 75 ♪
Dude, that was great.
Congratulations.
♪ And we talked and talked
about how our parents will die ♪
♪ All our neighbors and wives ♪
Whoo!
♪ So I like to think
I can cheat it all ♪
Wow.
♪ To make up for the times
I've been cheated on ♪
♪ And it's nice to know
when I was left for dead ♪
♪ I was found and now
I don't roam the streets ♪
♪ I'm not the ghost
you want of me ♪
♪ If you're lost and alone
or you're sinking like a stone ♪
♪ Carry on ♪
♪ May your past be the sound
of your feet upon the ground ♪
♪ Carry on ♪
♪ Carry on, carry on ♪
♪ Whoo-oo-oooo ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Blake: Hey.
What's your name?
My name is Hunter.
I'm from Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, and I'm 20.
I'm just so refreshed
by that song choice,
'cause any Fun. song
is, like, nearly impossible
for a male singer
because that guy's range
is deceptively, like, crazy.
And so it didn't
totally have it for me.
But the good news is that
the ladies in the house tonight
are all about it.
[Cheers and applause]
That's right.
Yeah.
We got it.
Well, I heard it immediately
from the way that your tone was
in the beginning of the song,
and what... what struck me
the most was the way that is
completely a unique tone,
just like a record.
You were, like,
right in your strength.
Thank you.
Then the falsetto
you took at the end
and then the chest voice that
you blew out at the top, I mean,
I feel like you have a complete,
unique, your own thing.
It's a voice that I do not have
on my team,
and I feel like there's songs
we can explore with your voice
that's, like, anywhere you want
to go, you can sing.
And so, I would love for you
to join Team Alicia.
Adam: Yeah!
[Cheers and applause]
I can't believe
you sing like that.
That voice...
emotionally, it feels good.
I just feel like
you're so gifted.
But also, it feels like
you want to connect the music
to your heart and to the people,
and I just think
I could relate to that and
we could relate to each other.
I'd love to work with you.
I just have a feeling
that we could do
something great together.
Sweet.
Well, I cannot let her end
on the last word,
because then you wouldn't hear
what I have to say last.
[Laughter]
It's the truth. I know it
doesn't make any sense.
You guys are the nicest
people to each other
when you're arguing.
It's really cute.
It's... it's awesome.
Alicia: I know. It's strange.
'Cause we don't want to
have to argue with each other.
It makes me sick!
She's so incredible.
I wish people would fight
with me like that.
Hey, Blake,
we should try that.
I'd be like, "Blake,
you're so amazing
and beautiful
and talented."
[Laughter]
Still hate you.
You're stupid.
[Laughter]
But anyway, Hunter, it's really
about what feels good for you.
We would both be killer,
killer coaches for you.
And I'm excited for you.
Yeah. Blake?
Hunter, who do you pick
as your coach?
[Audience shouting]
I love both of you so much.
[Shouting continues]
Um...
...but I'm gonna go with my gut
on this one,
and I pick Alicia.
[Cheers and applause]
Hunter, Hunter, Hunter, Hunter!
Nice.
Wow, man.
Alicia: Hunter had just
a real clarity and uniqueness
that was beautiful, powerful,
and then grew and grew.
I really love what he did.
I told him, you know,
"There's no wrong choice here."
But I am happy he picked me.
[Laughs]
Daly: Nice job!
You did it, Hunter!
Blake: Oh, yeah!
Do it!
What was that
dance move you did?
Did you make it up
as you went?
Yeah, I was
just vibeing.
Dang, freestyle.
Hey, Blake.
Nice coming to
your girl's rescue.
[Cheering]
Hey, you know what?
[Chuckles]
If it was you and her,
I would have her back.
I know.
That's the thing.
But I have to sit
next to Alicia.
'Cause those same eyes that are
charming and hypnotic
will also burn a hole right
through the side of your skull.
Can you turn the chairs
around now, please?
[Laughter]
Thank you.
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Nala: My name is Nala Price.
I'm 17 years old,
and I'm from Sebring, Florida.
Where I come from,
there's a lot of cows.
There's a lot of country.
It's such a small town.
My mom started entering me
in talent competitions
all around Florida.
When I first started singing,
I was very shy about it.
It was almost impossible
to get me on stage,
but as I've continued
to perform,
I've kind of settled down
with those nerves.
The biggest show that she had
was when she turned 12.
It was called
"The Secret Garden,"
and she played
the leading role.
My character spoke
in a British accent,
so it something like this.
[British accent]
Hello, my [laughs]
[Normal voice]
I can't even do it now.
[British accent]
Hello. My name is Mary Lennox.
[Normal voice] I've been in
so many talent shows growing up,
as a dancer or a singer,
but definitely nothing compares
to "The Voice."
I think
she's worked hard.
She's ready to show them
what she has.
So, I'm very proud
of her.
Mom.
Oh, she's crying.
Being a senior in high school,
I'm at a bit of a crossroads,
trying to figure out
what I want to do for college.
This show comes
at a perfect time.
It could change my life.
Coming from such a small town
and then transitioning
onto this huge stage
in front of these four amazing
coaches
is a very big deal.
I really want to
push my button.
I want to hear you fight.
Nala: This is the
most exciting day of my life.
I feel like I'm ready
to show them what I got.
♪♪♪
♪ This was all you,
none of it me ♪
♪ You put your hands on,
on my body ♪
♪ And told me ♪
♪ You told me ♪
♪ You told me you were ready ♪
♪ For the big one,
for the big jump ♪
♪ I'd be your last love,
everlasting ♪
♪ You and me ♪
Congratulations.
♪ That was what you told me ♪
♪ I'm giving you up ♪
♪ I'm forgiving it all ♪
♪ You set me free ♪
♪ Oh, send my love
to your new lover ♪
♪ Treat her better ♪
♪ We gotta let go
of all of our ghosts ♪
♪ We both know
we ain't kids no more ♪
♪ I'm giving you up ♪
♪ I'm forgiving it all ♪
♪ You set me free, yeah ♪
♪ Send my love to your lover ♪
♪ Whoa, if you're ready ♪
♪ If you're ready,
if you're ready ♪
♪ I am ready ♪
♪ Gotta let go
of all of our ghosts ♪
♪ We both know
we ain't kids no more ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Whoo!
Yay! Unh!
Yay!
Yes!
All right!
Thank God.
I feel like she was staring at
me most of the time, though.
Blake: Wait a minute.
That was really interesting.
Why don't was ask...
Why don't we ask this young...
Can I ask you what your name is?
I feel like we had...
We were locking eyes.
What's your name?
My name is Nala Price.
I'm 17 years old,
and I'm from Sebring, Florida.
[Cheers and applause]
I just want to say
congratulations, Nala.
Thank you so much.
That's one of my favorite songs,
and you definitely
performed it beautifully.
Thank you.
I think you did a great job...
...and I'm so proud of you
for coming out here today.
Thank you so much.
Yes.
[Cheers and applause]
Well, I was just gonna
congratulate you on...
on Gwen Stefani
turning around for you.
Because you actually have
a real shot at this now,
because she turned
around for you.
And I couldn't be happier
for you.
Thank you, Blake.
You're welcome.
Oh, Nala.
When you did that dip
into the top of your...
like a falsetto thing,
I was like, "Oh, my God."
You know, "She can really
control her voice
in this really
nerve-wracking time.
Wow. That is something
I need to be a part of,
because this girl
has ice water in her veins
and she is ready
to do this on live TV,"
especially being only 17.
Thank you.
You're amazing,
amazing, amazing.
Thank you so much.
I mean, were you not singing
right to me, though?
A little bit?
Come on.
I mean, lookit, you're
a beautiful woman, Gwen.
You're Gwen Stefani.
I'm just saying, I feel...
I feel you.
I would much rather stare into
your eyes while I was singing.
[Laughter]
You just really took it on
as your own,
and you understood the lyric
and the emotion of it.
And one of my favorite things
that you did,
which is just shocking,
to me, at 17,
that you had the patience
to actually show us
all the different sides
to your voice.
And you waited
till halfway through
to give us those notes
that we all were like, "Whoa!"
I think we could do
a lot together.
I would love
to work with you.
Thank you.
Alicia: Yay, Nala.
Who is going to be
your coach...
Gwen or Adam?
[Audience shouting]
It's got to be me.
It has to be!
Why would you not?
I pick...
...Adam.
Yay!
[Cheers and applause]
Any Adele song is a tough song,
but I thought
she was really great.
It's astounding what
she can do with her voice.
I had to just try to do
whatever I could to get her.
Gwen:
That one bummed me out.
Like, I really wanted her
and stupid Adam got her.
It's frustrating sometimes,
you know?
I hate you.
[Laughter]
God, I needed
to just convince her!
She...
She was looking at me.
But you didn't!
She was staring right...
[Laughter]
♪ And you ♪
♪ You know that I'd be with you
if I could ♪
Daly: You can buy full versions
of tonight's
blind-audition songs
on iTunes...
♪ Take me to the river ♪
Daly: ...or listen to them
on Apple Music.
♪ And wash me down ♪
No!
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back.
Here's funny,
and there's you.
Was that your...
Oh, that's the mime thing?
♪♪♪
Gwen: Hi, Blakie.
Hey, hey, hey.
Excuse me.
Have a hand.
[Laughter]
It's not her fault.
He's dressed
like a mime,
so she... she just thought
he was doing the...
[Laughs]
You're funny.
You're not funny.
Yes, you are.
You're cute and funny.
Daly: This is awesome.
This must feel great.
You've got
your whole crew here.
I know.
I love it.
I have been bugging her
forever to...
To be on
the show?
Oh, yeah.
It's my favorite.
Oh, thank you.
You're sweet.
I'm so glad that you guys
got me to audition.
♪♪♪
My name's Sammie Zonana.
I'm 24 years old,
and I'm from Austin, Texas.
I studied screenwriting
all through high school.
And when I got to college,
I studied film.
But my freshman year,
I picked up a guitar
and I started teaching myself
how to play.
Not doing my homework,
just falling in love with music.
Finally, I started playing
small open mics.
I was totally terrified.
And I actually got
a good response,
and that is sort of
the tipping point.
I stopped writing screenplays
and writing movies
and I started writing music,
and I finally recorded a single.
It was the first time
I felt like an artist,
like a real musician.
After I graduated, for a while
I did the gigging downtown.
You know, you're downtown,
you're not making any money,
no one's really listening,
and it's really hard.
And I kind of shifted gears
and I landed on weddings.
The name of my wedding company
is Sammie Zonana Music.
It's just me and my guitar
and my ukulele.
I like singing at a wedding,
'cause, well, number one,
I'm a total, like,
hopeless romantic.
And they pay me.
I do weddings, but I'm also
planning my own wedding
'cause I'm engaged.
I met my fiancée, Brooke,
in college.
How did
you guys meet?
I was organizing
an LGBT speed-dating event.
Uh-huh.
And she was singing outside,
and she sounded beautiful.
Like, I was just attracted
to the sound.
Right.
And then she actually
came in the speed-dating event
and we went on a date,
five minutes, at least.
I don't even remember it.
And then she has no recollection
of it.
[Laughter]
Real memorable!
I came out to my parents
in high school.
And it's probably the hardest
experience I've ever had.
But my parents love me
unconditionally.
And so, for them,
meeting Brooke,
who is that other half of me,
and share her with my family...
I mean, we're all so close.
It's like this big bear hug.
It was a process for me, but
Sammie is perfect in every way.
And I'm gonna love
and support her,
and we can't wait
for the wedding.
Being here,
it's like all the dreams
I've ever wanted
have come true.
[Voice breaking] And if I get
a turn, if I don't get a turn,
like, they're still there.
And that's, like,
the most important thing.
And I can't believe I'm here,
you know?
There she is.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Wow.
♪♪♪
♪ Don't need permission,
made my decision ♪
♪ To test my limits ♪
♪ 'Cause it's my business,
God as my witness ♪
♪ Start what I finished ♪
♪ Don't need no hold up ♪
♪ Taking control of
this kind of moment ♪
♪ I'm locked and loaded,
completely focused ♪
♪ My mind is open ♪
♪ All that you got,
skin to skin ♪
She made it!
Oh, my God!
♪ Don't you stop ♪
♪ Well, something 'bout you ♪
♪ Makes me feel like
a dangerous woman ♪
♪ Something 'bout,
something 'bout ♪
♪ Something 'bout you ♪
♪ Makes me want to do things
that I shouldn't ♪
♪ Something 'bout,
something 'bout you ♪
♪ All girls wanna be like that ♪
♪ Bad girls underneath
like that ♪
♪ You know how
I'm feeling inside ♪
♪ Well, something about you ♪
♪ All girls wanna be like that ♪
♪ Bad girls underneath
like that ♪
♪ You know how
I'm feeling inside ♪
♪ Well, something about you ♪
[Cheers and applause]
♪ Something 'bout you ♪
Yay!
What's your name?
My name is Sammie Zonana.
I am 24, and I'm
from Austin, Texas.
Wow. Congratulations.
I heard so much Gwen
in your voice.
And then when she turned,
I kind of, like, just was like,
"Okay, it feels like
that's what's supposed
to be happening."
And you're awesome.
Good job.
Well, thank you.
[Cheers and applause]
There is definitely
a very beautiful, particular,
singular sound
in that voice.
It has a huskiness that's
really bluesy and emotional.
Like, you took that song
and you made it, like,
a different type of place.
Thank you.
Really awesome.
Really good.
I just kept thinking
of Joni Mitchell
when she was singing.
I don't know what it is
about your vibe or whatever...
your voice doesn't exactly
sound like her,
but I couldn't
be happier.
I like hanging out
with her, too,
so you're gonna...
you're gonna have a lot of fun,
I promise you.
Hi, Gwen!
Welcome to Team Gwen.
Whoo-whoo!
[Cheers and applause]
You know what I loved?
You're so relaxed when you sing.
There's a lot of confidence
and emotion and truth.
And I feel like I could
really relate to that.
And right away,
I was pretty sure.
I was like, "I'm just gonna wait
one more second.
Don't... Yeah...
Oh, I'm going."
So, here I am,
and I'm so excited.
Thank you so much!
[Cheers and applause]
Blake: Yeah!
Oh, my gosh.
You're on Team Gwen now.
Yes! [Grunts]
I instantly knew
that I just loved her voice.
There's something innocent about
her still, and I liked all that.
It's exciting. Sammie.
Oh, my God!
Are you kidding me?
Look at this hat.
I'll wear it
to sleep tonight!
[Cheering]
Alicia: Yay, Gwen.
Yeah!
That's a good one,
Gwen.
I love her.
I was very close
to rivaling you.
Yeah.
But I decided to not.
I would actually listen
to that voice.
She's an artist.
Yeah.
Daly: Coming up...
♪ The ring of fire ♪
[Cheers and applause]
You got four!
Whoa!
I think I could be
an amazing coach for you.
I'm actually
obsessed with you.
I'd love to be
your coach, as well.
Let's not goof around
with this, sis.
♪ Oh, no, I didn't ♪
♪ This is "The Voice" ♪
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Let's meet the final artist
of the night.
Valerie:
I am from El Paso, Texas.
It's a border town, and
there's Mexican country roots
in El Paso, so that's everything
that I do in my music.
My name is Valerie Ponzio.
I am 32 years old. Right?
[Laughs]
It starts getting fuzzy
after 30.
I play country-Americana music.
I love the heartache.
I love the underdogs
in that genre of music.
I started singing
around 8 years old.
My mom would sew beautiful
princess costumes for me,
and I would sing all
the fairy-tale-princess songs
all the time.
Through high school, I focused
a little more on guitar.
And then I went
to Berklee College of Music.
So, I've just been
full-throttle music
for as long
as I can remember.
After college, it was
kind of a confusing time.
I tried some odd jobs.
I worked as a hostess.
I worked at a tanning salon.
I worked for a moving company,
office assistant...
sales... and that ended.
But through it all,
I couldn't deny that I just
always wanted music in my life.
And my boyfriend, who is
an amazing musician himself,
he was like, "Let's...
Let's do this.
Let's hit the road together."
We started a band...
Val and the Southern Line.
Now, we're this
country-Americana duo
out across America.
So, it's not always glamorous,
but it's very, very fun.
Every time we were
in a town,
when she would sing,
it just connected with people.
Just tears everywhere we were,
and I've never seen that before,
ever, in all the years
that I've played music.
So, I am so proud of Val
for making it on "The Voice."
I know the teams
are getting closer to full,
but if I could turn
a chair today,
it would change everything
for me.
I was so happy to hear
that Gwen was back.
I idolized Gwen Stefani
since I was 16 years old,
and Blake is just everything
of what I want to be
in country music.
So, if any one of those coaches
turns their chair,
that would be the most
amazing feeling for me.
There she goes.
There she is.
Oh, my God.
♪♪♪
♪ Love is a burning thing ♪
♪ And it makes a fiery ring ♪
♪ Bound by wild desire ♪
♪ I fell into a ring of fire ♪
♪ I fell into
a burning ring of fire ♪
♪ I went down, down, down ♪
♪ And those flames,
they went higher ♪
♪ And it burns, burns, burns ♪
♪ The ring of fire ♪
Yes!
Daly: Way to go, Val!
♪ The taste of love is sweet ♪
♪ When hearts like ours meet ♪
♪ I fell for you like a child ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah,
oh, but the fire went wild ♪
♪ I fell into
a burning ring of fire ♪
♪ I went down, down, down ♪
♪ And those flames,
they went higher ♪
♪ And it burns, burns, burns ♪
♪ The ring of fire ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Yeah!
All four!
The last second.
You got four!
[Cheers and applause]
Oh, my God.
Whoa!
I can't...
That was full of
so much beautiful things.
Please tell us who you are.
My name is Valerie Ponzio.
I am 32 years old.
I am from El Paso, Texas.
Wow!
[Cheers and applause]
Adam: I'm not joking.
I heard at one point...
obviously Blake, because,
"Ring of Fire,"
Johnny Cash...
I even heard a little Gwen
in the beginning, too.
Wow.
And then when Alicia Keys
turned around,
it was because a very specific
moment happened...
Yeah.
...where I was like, "Oh,
and there's a little Alicia."
And then, at the very end,
when you were screaming,
I was like,
"And there I am."
[Laughter]
Oh, when she sounded
most like a girl.
When the female sound really
came out, that was you.
That's mean.
That's mean-spirited.
You know what? Valerie and I
are not about that.
We're not about that.
But you and I are.
But you and I
always will be,
but look, don't distract
from the point here,
which is that you are the most
well-rounded singer, I think,
for this particular panel
of coaches...
Yeah.
...that I've really,
kind of, every heard.
Amazing!
Thank you.
Yeah.
Wow.
Um, thank you so much.
Each and every one of you
are huge influences of mine.
And, Gwen,
I idolized you growing up.
Oh, son of a...
Like, I just was so
obsessed with you
and I just thought you were
the... so amazing.
That's crazy, 'cause I'm
actually obsessed with you now,
and I would love...
I would love to work with you.
[Laughs]
Thank you.
Oh, my God!
[Cheers and applause]
It's okay.
You have a little lip gloss
on there, but it's okay.
You can't see it.
I am fine with that.
Wow, Valerie, what...
what are some of
your gorgeous
influences?
Well, I am a country-Americana
artist.
You are a big influence
of mine.
Wow.
I have a country duo
with my boyfriend.
Ooh.
I love it.
I'd love to help you just bring
that out further...
the blues and soul
and country
and everything
that's inspired us,
because that is what makes music
so great, that it's unlimited.
So, I'd love to be
your coach, as well.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
What an incredible voice
you have.
And to hear you say
"country-Americana"...
that's where I think
I can help you.
Nashville relationships
tend to last a lifetime.
Country fans
are the most loyal fans
in all of music, I-I-I think.
[Cheers and applause]
Let's not goof around
with this, sis.
Uh-huh, yeah.
Let's...
Let's say that
every time.
[Laughter]
You're funny.
I say it every time,
and I've got seasons-worth...
Yep.
...of relationships
with country artists...
Yes.
...that you can turn on the
radio and listen to right now.
Yes, we all know.
♪ Oh, no, I didn't ♪
All right.
Wow.
Okay, can I just
say something?
I think I could be
an amazing coach for you.
I think these two
could be amazing.
Blake will be great,
but a lot more of the same.
And I think something different
would be really cool.
That's all.
Thank you for that.
[Cheers and applause]
Valerie, any time I need
any advice about country music,
I am so, so plugged in.
[Laughter]
I don't think there's ever
any reason to think
that you belong
in any stupid category.
Make your decision
based on what you think
will make you better and more
complete and more whole, please.
In other words, whatever you do,
don't pick Blake.
That's not true.
That's what all three of them
are trying to say.
No, that's not
what we're saying, man.
It's absolutely,
no question
what all three of them
are saying.
I think you should
just follow... totally
follow your heart.
Either way, I can't wait to hear
you sing on the show.
Alicia: Yeah.
You're incredible.
Valerie, who do you pick
as your coach?
[Audience shouting]
Come on, Valerie!
Don't fall for it!
This is so much harder
than anything.
[Shouting continues]
What do you think?
Man: I don't know.
I think Gwen.
I really think that the person
that can take me
up to the promised land...
I, um... I pick Blake.
♪ If you trust your rebel heart,
ride it into battle ♪
Yes!
Blake:
Wow. Valerie is so unique
and has so much character
in her voice.
I thought you were gonna fall
for that.
I love that kind of
Americana storyteller
kind of voice like she has.
Ugh!
I was a little bit heartbroken.
I was the first to turn.
I wanted her!
Blake was the last... anyways.
I'm gonna go meet
this young lady's family.
♪ Take the road less traveled ♪
All right!
Valerie!
Blake, that was a real three
against one there, huh?
Every... Every day of these
that go by,
the more they're
ganging up on me.
Yeah.
♪ Take the road less traveled ♪
Oh, I'm so happy
right now.
Thank you.
♪♪♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org